enhance documentation of `checksums` easyconfig parameter (#104)
easybuilders/easybuild-docs: docs/writing-easyconfig-files.md

checksums = [('sha512', 'f962008105639f58e9a4455c8057933ab0a5e2f43db8340ae1e1afe6dc2d24105bfca3b2e1f79cb242495ca4eb363c9820d8cea6084df9d62c4c3e5211d99266')]
```

It is also possible to specify alternative checksums using a tuple of
checksum elements where any match is sufficient (logical OR).

> This is helpful when the release was updated but can still be used

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is helpful when the release was updated with changes that don't affect the behavior of the software in any way

(e.g. only doc changes).

``` python
checksums = [('mainchecksum', 'alternativechecksum')]  # Placeholders used
```

The opposite is also possible:
A list instead of a tuple denotes that **all** checksums must match (logical AND).
In both cases each element can also be a type-value-tuple:

``` python

> checksums = [[('size', 42), 'sha256checksum')]  # Placeholder used

Reviewer: missing closing ]

Author: ```suggestion
checksums = [[('size', 42), 'sha256checksum']]  # Placeholder used
```

```

Finally a checksum can be specified as a dictionary mapping filenames to checksums.

> This is useful when the source file is specified using e.g. the `%(arch)s` template.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This style is also useful when the source file is specified using e.g. the `%(arch)s` template.
```

> Again elements (values) can be strings or type-value-tuples.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Again, elements (values) can be strings or type-value-tuples.
```

For example:
``` python
checksums = [{
  'src_x86_64.tgz': 'f962008105639f58e9a4455c8057933ab0a5e2f43db8340ae1e1afe6dc2d2410',
  'src_aarch64.tgz': ('size', 42),
}]
```

Of course this can be combined with the logical AND/OR semantics using lists or tuples:
``` python
checksums = [{
  'src_x86_64.tgz': ('oldchecksum', 'newchecksum'),
  'src_aarch64.tgz': [('size', 42), 'checksumthatmustmatchtoo'],
}]
```

When the checksum cannot be specified for a file
(e.g. when using a git clone instead of an archive)
a value of `None` can be used to skip the checksum check.

> This is possible in the list of checksums as well as as a value in a dictionary, e.g.:

Author: I find that overly verbose:
> [...] a value of `None` can be used to skip the checksum check. A `None` value can be used both in the list of checksums and as a value in a dictionary [...]

I.e. the repetition of "`None` value can be used" immediately next to each other.

checksums = [('sha512', 'f962008105639f58e9a4455c8057933ab0a5e2f43db8340ae1e1afe6dc2d24105bfca3b2e1f79cb242495ca4eb363c9820d8cea6084df9d62c4c3e5211d99266')]
```

It is also possible to specify alternative checksums using a tuple of
checksum elements where any match is sufficient (logical OR).
This is helpful when the release was updated with changes that don't affect the behavior of the software in any way
(e.g. only doc changes).

``` python

> checksums = [('mainchecksum', 'alternativechecksum')]  # Placeholders used

Reviewer 2: I would use more obvious placeholders here, and use equal length values:

```suggestion
``` python
checksums = [('0123456789...abcdef', 'fedcba...9876543210')]
```

```

The opposite is also possible:
A list instead of a tuple denotes that **all** checksums must match (logical AND).
In both cases each element can also be a type-value-tuple:

``` python

> checksums = [[('size', 42), 'sha256checksum']]  # Placeholder used

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
checksums = [[('SHA256', '0123456789...abcdef'), 'fedcba...9876543210']]
```

```

Finally, a checksum can be specified as a dictionary mapping filenames to checksums, removing any ambiguity.

> This style is used by Easybuild with `eb --inject-checksums` when 2 or more source files are specified.
> This style is also useful when the source file is specified using e.g. the `%(arch)s` template.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This style is used by Easybuild with `eb --inject-checksums` when 2 or more source files are specified,
and is particularly useful when the source file is specified using a template value like `%(arch)s`.
```

Again, elements (values) can be strings or type-value-tuples.
For example:
``` python
checksums = [{

>   'src_x86_64.tgz': 'f962008105639f58e9a4455c8057933ab0a5e2f43db8340ae1e1afe6dc2d2410',
>   'src_aarch64.tgz': ('size', 42),

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  'src_x86_64.tgz': '0123456789...abcdef',
  'src_aarch64.tgz': ('SHA256', 'fedcba...9876543210'),
```

}]
```

Of course this can be combined with the logical AND/OR semantics using lists or tuples:
``` python
checksums = [{
  'src_x86_64.tgz': ('oldchecksum', 'newchecksum'),

>   'src_aarch64.tgz': [('size', 42), 'checksumthatmustmatchtoo'],

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  'src_x86_64.tgz': ('0123456789...abcdef', 'fedcba...9876543210'),
  'src_aarch64.tgz': [('SHA256', '9876543210...fedcba'), 'abcdef...0123456789'],
```

Finally, a checksum can be specified as a dictionary mapping filenames to checksums, removing any ambiguity.
This style is used by EasyBuild with `eb --inject-checksums` when 2 or more source files are specified,
and is particularly useful when the source file is specified using a template value like `%(arch)s`.
Especially when many source files and patches are used this also directly documents the file each checksum is for.  
Again, elements (values) can be strings or type-value-tuples.
For example:

``` python
checksums = [{
  'src_x86_64.tgz': '0123456789...abcdef',
  'src_aarch64.tgz': ('sha256', 'fedcba...9876543210'),
}]
```

Of course this can be combined with the logical AND/OR semantics using lists or tuples:

``` python
checksums = [{
  'src_x86_64.tgz': ('0123456789...abcdef', 'fedcba...9876543210'), # Match either one
  'src_aarch64.tgz': [('sha256', '9876543210...fedcba'), 'abcdef...0123456789'], # Match both
}]
```

When the checksum cannot be specified for a file
(e.g. when using a git clone instead of an archive),
a value of `None` can be used to skip the checksum check.
This is possible in the list of checksums as well as a value in a dictionary, e.g.:

``` python

> checksums = [{

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
checksums = [
```
